Name	Set	Imagefile	Primary	Secondary	Race	Alignment	Rarity	MPs	Specific	Skill	Mind	Direct	General	Prowess	Body	Corruption	Home	Unique	RegionType/Path	SiteType	Playable	GoldRing	GreaterItem	MajorItem	MinorItem	Information	Palantiri	Scroll	Hoard	Gear	Haven	Stage	Strikes	erratum	ice_errata	dreamcard	Text
A Thing of Surpassing Potency	MEMM	memm_athingofsurpassingpotency.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	-	Neutral	-	-	ring	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable if The One Ring is in play and borne by a non- Hobbit character with a mind greater than 4. Discard if these conditions are not met. The mp  and all bonusses from other special items in play are modified by -1 (to a minimum   of 1). Additionally, all CP by other ringbearers are modified by -1, and any Narya, Nenya or Vilya cannot be used.
Cursed Journey	MEMM	memm_cursedjourney.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event/Short-event	-	Neutral	-	-	roadblock	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a grey or white player's company. The hazard player may choose another site path for the company; the region and site of origin and arrival must remain the same, but for each ring item in the company the site path may contain 1 extra region. The new site path must contain a Shadow-land [s] or a Dark-domain [kd]. 
Doomed to Die	MEMM	memm_doomedtodie.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	-	Neutral	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	As a permanent event, any character bearing a Ring for Mortal Men targeted by a stature card has his mind reduced by 3. Any character whose mind is reduced to 0 or less due to the effects of this card is eliminated; a Sauron player receives his mp as character mp.      As a short event, playable on a Dunadan or Man character with a body less than 9: character must make a CP modified by -2.
Drawn to Its Master	MEMM	memm_drawntoitsmaster.jpg	Hazard	Short-event	-	Neutral	-	-	ring	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on the bearer of a ring special item. He must make a CP, modified by subtracting the CP the ring gives him. Failing this CP the hazard player may replace the character's new or current site with a site in an adjacent region as close as possible to Gorgoroth (ignore any other effects). If the bearer of The One Ring moves to Dol Guldur or Barad-dur in this manner the game ends: a black player wins the game as though he had recovered The One Ring, otherwise it is a tie.
Fake	MEMM	memm_fake.jpg	Hazard	Short-event	-	Neutral	-	-	ring	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a gold ring item. The ring is now tested; opponent may apply a modifier of +2 or -2 to the roll (before the roll). If a non-unique ring is playable as result of the test, it may be played from hand or discard pile. If a ring special item is played, the bearer must then make a CPC.
Hunt For the Ring	MEMM	memm_huntforthering.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	-	Neutral	-	-	play	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	For every ring item in a company one Nazgul or Maia, or one Dunadan or Man hazard creature with an asterix (*) may be played not counting against the hazard limit. Cannot be duplicated.
One Ring to Bring Them All	MEMM	memm_oneringtobringthemall.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	-	Neutral	-	-	ring	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Unique. All characters in the same territory as the bearer of The One Ring (or territory adjacent for a character bearing a ring) that are allowed to move must attempt to move to the same site as the bearer of The One Ring. If they may not legally move to that site, they must attempt to move to the nearest possible site (defender's choice).
Only Four Has He	MEMM	memm_onlyfourhashe.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	-	Neutral	-	-	agent	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a strike from an agent attacking a character bearing a ring special item. May be played on-guard and revealed if an agent attacks. If played on My Precious, the strike receives +4 prowess and cannot be cancelled. Discard this card if the strike is not successful. Otherwise, no body check is made, but the agent takes control of a ring special item borne by the defending character (attackers's choice); Any character defeating a strike from this agent may take control of the ring (no body check is made).   
Under His Dominion	MEMM	memm_underhisdominion.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	Prisoner	Neutral	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	tap	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a character taken prisoner at a Dark-hold [D]. Make a roll: if the result is greater than the character's mind (+3 for Hobbits), the character becomes a minion agent controlled by the hazard player. Discard all other hazard permanent-events on the agent.  This card cannot be targeted by resource events.  During the organization phase, a sage at the same site as the character may tap to attempt to remove this card. Make a roll; add 1 for each additional sage or diplomat in the company that taps in support: if the result plus the character's mind is greater than 10, discard this card; the character joins the sage's company and is controlled by the sage's controlling player.
You've Put Your Finger In It	MEMM	memm_youveputyourfingerinit.jpg	Hazard	Permanent-event	-	Neutral	-	-	HL	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a non-Wizard, non-Ringwraith character bearing a ring. The hazard limit for the character's company is increased by one for every ring item in the company. Cannot be duplicated on a given character.  During the organisation phase, a ranger in the target character's company may tap to attempt to remove this card. Make a roll; if the result is greater than 7, discard this card.
A Weapon in the Right Hands	MEMM	memm_aweaponintherighthands.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	One Ring	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[Prowess: +1; CP: +1] Unique. Playable on the One Ring. The item cannot concealed or transferred (unless bearer is eliminated by a body check). If bearer is in Barad-dur ( or Dol Guldur if opponent is the Necromancer) he faces an attack during the site phase (alone): Maia - 1 strike with 24 prowess adn 12 body; the strike cannot be canceled, reduced, redirected, or made ineffectual. If the strike is defeated, and bearer of the One Ring is still in play after a corruption check during the end of turn phase, you win the game, otherwise you lose.
Between Two Worlds	MEMM	memm_betweentwoworlds.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Dual	-	-	stature	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 8] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men if borne by a Man or Dunadan with a normal mind of 8 or more. Bearer may tap test any gold ring item in his company. All non-Maia, non-Nazgul, non-Undead strikes against the bearer are ineffectual. Bearer may not have followers. Bearer must make a  CP to move. Bearer may not bear non-ring items.
Bound up with It	MEMM	memm_boundupwithit.jpg	Resource	Short-event	-	Dual	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Unique. All gold ring items in play are now tested; start tests with the active player. Only ring special items with a printed mp of 3 or more may be played as a result of these tests; shuffle on tested gold ring items bock inot their player's decks..     Additionally, any Narya, Nenya or Vilya played this turn may be shuffled into the play deck instead of discarded. Any Ring for Mortal Men in the discard pile may be shuffled into the play deck. This card may also be played as a hazard.
Bounty-hunter	MEMM	memm_bountyhunter.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Minion	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable during the organization phase on a agent or ranger orc you have in play as character. The character now is an agent. Discard any allies, hazards, and/or Open to the Summons he controls. Turn him face down and place him at another site in the same or an adjacent region as his current site. Target agent makes a CP during his untap phase
Celebrimbor's Legacy	MEMM	memm_celebrimborslegacy.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Lore	Fallen/Lord	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	tap	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	1.0	-	0.0	-	1.0	[SP: 1] Lore. Place this card on your sage avatar when he is in play. The avatar may tap to test a gold ring in his company; afterwards he makes a CC modified by -1.     tap: if the company contains a Lost Knowledge card, to take one Test of Lore or Wisdom to Wield from your discard pile to your hand. Cannot be duplicated by a given player
Eru's Gift	MEMM	memm_erusgift.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Whenever a Man or Dunadan is eliminated (not by a Cc), any Man, Dunadan, Hobbit, or Wizard at the site (or in the company) may either untap or discard all hazard permanent events played on him; any character doing so makes a CC. Afterwards, discard this card
Familiar	MEMM	memm_familiar.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Magic	Minion	-	(1)	-	Spirit-magic	1.0	-	-	-	-	-	place tap	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Magic. Spirit-magic. Playable on a spirit-magic-using character if his company has faced a vermin attack this turn (or if Swarm of Bats is in play on the company). This card becomes an ally under target character's control, with a prowess equal to its controller's mind (10 if an avatar). Familiar normally cannot be attacked.      tap: if opponent has a company at a site in the same or an adjacent region as Familiar, to reveal a number of cards from the top of his play deck equal to controller's mind  The first creature revealed attacks Familar. After the attack, discard the creature and shuffle all other cards back into the play deck. If the attack was successful, discard Familiar; otherwise invert Familiar, which now gives 1 ally mp. attack. Discard the creature if not defeaded and shuffle all other cards into the deck. Discard this card if a strike against Familiar is successful.  Familiar is worth 1 mp if it defeats a creature (or event).
Fell Deeds	MEMM	memm_felldeeds.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Dual	-	-	stature	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 7] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by a Ringwraith or a Man or Dunadan warrior. Bearer's company becomes overt and may initiate CvCC against any other company (you receive kill mp from it). The body of all strikes against characters in the company is reduced by -1. Additionally, any item in the company has its maximum bonus to prowess and/or body increased to 10 (if lower than 10).
Hands of a Healer	MEMM	memm_handsofahealer.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 6] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by a Dunadan or by a non-warrior Man. The body of all characters in the bearer's company is increased by 1 (to a maximum of 9). The bearer may tap and make a CP to heal a character in his company.
King of Mighty Words	MEMM	memm_kingofmightywords.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Dual	-	-	stature	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 8; DI: +4] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by a Man or Dunadan diplomat. +4 to bearer's DI. One Man or Dunadan character may be played at the bearer's current site during the organization phase, in addition to the one character per turn limit. Such character may be taken from your hand, discard pile or sideboard.
Lord of Beasts	MEMM	memm_lordofbeasts.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 6] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by a Man or Dunadan with a normal prowess of 6 or more. Bearer gains the ranger skill. The region containing his current site is also considered a Wilderness [w] for the purpose of resource play. Any hazards which affect the prowess/body of Animal attacks also affect the bearer. Your animal factions give an additional mp.
Lord of Gifts	MEMM	memm_lordofgifts.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Offering	Minion	-	-	-	Sauron	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Sauron specific. Offering attempt. Playable on an opponent's character when making an influence attempt against him. Place one item from your hand or from the influencer's company (cannot be a manifestation of The One Ring or an Elven Ring) with target character. The influence attempt is modified by +4 or double the item's MP.     If the attempt is successful, you take control of target character; place this card with the item which may not be transferred. If the influence attempt fails, target character must make a CC. If he fails this check, he is taken Prisoner at the nearest Dark-hold [D] (your choice, ignore any other effects).  Rescue-attack -- 1 automatic-attack at the site must be faced again (hazard player's choice).
Master of the Dead	MEMM	memm_masterofthedead.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Dual	-	-	stature	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 8] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by Aragorn II or a Man or Dunadan sage. Bearer may make  a CP to cancel an Undead attack.  Additionally, bearer may tap to place 1 Undead creature played on his company with this card; the attack is cancelled and the creature becomes an ally under his control with a body equal to the bearer's and prowess equal to its normal prowess -7. It now yields ally mp as given on the card. You may opt to have it attack an opponent's company as a creature before resolving CP. Remove the creature from play afterwards.
News from Realms Past	MEMM	memm_newsfromrealmspast.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Minion	-	-	Ringwraith	Ringwraith	-	-	-	-	-	-	place	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	"Playable on your Ringwraith at one of his home sites outside Mordor or Mirkwood. Discard your Ringwraith and any allies and followers he controls. Place any other cards he controls with this card ""off to the side""; return them to your Ringwraith when he enters play again.      Your Ringwraith may now be in a company with non-Ringwraith characters and may play Ring for Mortal Men at Barad-dur (Dol Guldur if The Necromancer is in play and Dark Spires Rising is not inverted). Any attacks keyed to Dark-domain or [d] Shadow-land [s] attack normal against your Ringwraith's company."
One of the Nine	MEMM	memm_oneofthenine.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Minion	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a character bearing a Ring for Mortal Men with Lord of Gifts. The character becomes an agent (all agent rules apply). Any resources under his control still affect the agent (as if a character). Turn the agent face down and place him at a site in an adjacent region.     Opponent may attempt to influence the agent during the site phase (treat as your character with mind 0). Discard all cards attached to this agent when he leaves active play or when he is successfully influenced by your opponent.
One Ring to Find Them	MEMM	memm_oneringtofindthem.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	One Ring	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	tap	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on The One Ring. Once per turn a gold ring item in the company may be replaced with any ring special item for which it could normally be tested.   Any creature that can be keyed to Dark-hold [D] or Shadow-hold [S] may be played keyed to Ruins & Lairs [R] against the company. Cannot be duplicated.     tap: take a gold ring item from the discard pile to your hand. 
One Ring to Rule Them All	MEMM	memm_oneringtorulethemall.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	One Ring	Dual	-	(*)	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[MP: (*)] Unique. Playable on The One Ring. If the bearer of The One Ring is an avatar your GI is increased by +4. All other characters in the company bearing a ring special item have their mind halved (round down) and their CP modified by an additional -1. This card is worth 1 mp for each such character. The is no limit to the bearer's company size.
Pawn of the Ring	MEMM	memm_pawnofthering.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Dual	-	1	-	-	-2.0	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on a ringbearer. During a site phase reveal a character with this site as a home site, whose mind is less than half of the ringbearer's mind. Make an influence attempt against the character (as if controlled by your opponent) and add the mp of the a ring he controls, if successful the character becomes and ally under the ringbearer's control, he may carry items, but may not make no influence attempts or play allies. Character requires no influence to control. Otherwise discard this card and the character, the ringbearer makes CP modified by -2
Released from the Master	MEMM	memm_releasedfromthemaster.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Minion	-	-	Ringwraith	Ringwraith	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[MP: 7] Unique. Playable on your Ringwraith at Dol Guldur, if he bears a Ring for Mortal Men, you have in play at least 4 unique factions and characters worth 7 or more mp. If Dark Spires Rising is in play this card must be played at Barad-dur instead. Your Ringwraith faces an attack: Fallen-Maia -- 1 strike with 24 prowess (cannot be cancelled or redirected; any character wounded by the attack is eliminated). 
Ring for Mortal Men	MEMM	memm_ringformortalmen.jpg	Resource	Special Item	Man Ring	Hero	-	4	-	White	-	-	-	-	-	3.0	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[MP: 4;  CP: 3; Mind: +2; DI: +4; P/B: +1/(+3)] White player only. Man Ring. Playable at Dol Guldur on a character bearing a gold ring item. May also be played at any site after facing a Nazgul attack or after initiating CvCC involving a Ringwraith. Discard the gold ring. Target character faces an attack which cannot be cancelled, redirected or made ineffectual: Fallen Maia  -- 1 strike with 20 prowess; if successful target character is eliminated. You may include up to 9 copies of this card in your play deck and sideboard combined.      If bearer is a Man or Dunadan with mind of 6 or more: +3 to his body (to a maximum of 10) and bearer can use spirit-magic as if a Ringwraith. Cannot be duplicated on a given character.
Ring for Mortal Men	MEMM	memm_ringformortalmen2.jpg	Resource	Special Item	Man Ring	Minion	-	-1(1)	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	3.0	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[mp: -1(1);  CP: 3; DI: +3; P/B: +1/(+3)] Man Ring. Playable after CvCC when stealing a Ring for Mortal Men from opponent's company. This item may also be played from the discard pile or sideboard. May only be transferred to a Ringwraith. Cannot be duplicated on a given character. You may include up to 9 copies of this card in your play deck and sideboard combined.      Bearer can use spirit-magic (as if a Ringwraith). This item affects a Ringwraith; he may use starter-movement and move to non-Darkhaven [K] sites. Values in parenthesis apply to a Man, Dunadan or Ringwraith bearer; +3 to body (to a maximum of 10).               tap: if borne by a Ringwraith to search your play deck or discard pile for his corresponding Unleashed card.
Secret Precious	MEMM	memm_secretprecious.jpg	Resource	Short-event	Lost Knowledge	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Lost Knowledge. Tap a scout and a sage at a Free-hold [F] or Border-hold [B] to make non-gold ring items playable at the site until the end of the turn. Opponent may bring one hazard from his sideboard or discard pile to his play deck (reshuffle).
Seek for the Nine	MEMM	memm_seekforthenine.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Fallen-wizard	-	-	pallando-fw, saruman-fw	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	3.0	-	0.0	-	1.0	[SP: 3] Unique. Pallando and Saruman specific. Playable if you have at least 7 SP and a Ring for Mortal Men in play. You may bring into play any Man or Dunadan character regardless of his mind. Your Man and Dunadan characters and factions are worth full mp. Your Ring for Mortal Men borne by a Man or Dunadan character are worth twice the bearer's mp. 
Slaves to the Ring	MEMM	memm_slavestothering.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Dual	-	1	-	Man Dunadan	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[MP: 1] Playable on a Man or Dunadan faction, if you have a character bearing a Ring for Mortal at the site where the faction is in play. Target faction cannot not be influenced or discarded by any means. Discard this card and target faction if you do not control a Ring for Mortal Men.
Strength to Govern	MEMM	memm_strengthtogovern.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Dual	-	-	stature	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 7] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by a Man or Dunadan. Factions and allies played or brought into play by the bearer do not tap the site. Bearer makes a CP when playing a faction or ally.
The Lord of the Rings	MEMM	memm_thelordoftherings.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Minion	-	-	-	Sauron Black	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Unique. Sauron specific. This card must be played at the start of the game in lieu of a minor item. All your ring tests are modified by +2. All your companies bearing a ring item are considered overt and have their hazard limit increased by 1.      You may play Ring for Mortal Men after any ring test result of 8 or 9. You may bring a Ringwraith into play for every stored Ring for Mortal Men at the site where it is stored; a Ringwraith costs 1 point of influence to control and may be taken from your sideboard. If The One Ring is stored at Barad-dur, you may place all your stored Ring for Mortal Men on your Ringwraith characters.     You cannot win the game by bringing The One Ring to Dol Guldur or by All Else Is Conquered. If you control The One Ring and receive mp from Lord of the World, you win the game.
Unspeakable Beauty	MEMM	memm_unspeakablebeauty.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Dual	-	-	stature	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 7] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men borne by a female Man or Dunadan character (or by Adunaphel the Ringwraith). Bearer may designate one male character in her company which may be controlled costing no EI; you may bring such a character into play regardless of his mind value and he must always be controlled by bearer (regardless of any hazard effects).      Additionally, +10 to bearer's influence attempts against opponent's male characters. This modification cannot be altered by any other effect.
Vermin for Dinner	MEMM	memm_verminfordinner.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	-	Minion	-	-	-	Orc Troll	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	Playable on an Orc or Troll character bearing a trophy or after facing a Vermin attack. Target character may remove a trophy he bears from the game to untap (or untap himself and another character in the company if the trophy is a Man or Dunadan creature or character).     You may discard this card to allow the company to move an extra region. Cannot be duplicated on a given character
Wisdom upon His Brow	MEMM	memm_wisdomuponhisbrow.jpg	Resource	Permanent-event	Stature	Hero	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	unique	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	0.0	-	1.0	[CP: 7] Unique. Stature card. Playable on a Ring for Mortal Men, if borne by a Dunadan. Bearer may use spells (except Sacrifice of Form) as if he were a Wizard. Additionally, bearer may tap and make a CC to take any one spell (except Sacrifice of Form) from your discard pile or sideboard to your hand.
